Right.
Mr. Shen, who have you sinned against?
Why would anyone want to kill you?
I don't know.
Maybe our Van Hai project has committed a crime.
There's this possibility.
Van Hai project worth hundreds of billions
Countless people miss him.
You are the general manager of this project.
Some extremists will definitely take extraordinary measures.
If Shen Song dies
This project is no longer invited.
Why can we only find it again?
Right.
Big trees catch the wind
Our project is complete.
Not just all the boys.
The whole size is increased.
Every step we took was like walking on thin ice.
Let's live through the night safely.
Stay at home in your comfort.
I've got to get some rest.
General Review
Can you lend me a fun outfit?
I only have this on me.
I'll get you one.
There are no women's clothes in the house.
You wear mine first.
I only have this.
Today birthday does not give you the process.
I have prepared a special birthday gift for you.